Whew! I am so glad you finally made it!
You know, If you didn’t show up, I’d have to hunt you down haha!
Anyway, I’m glad we can have you. 
Just take one look at this place it’s obvious we need the help.
But let me show you around, so that this can be a smooth transition.
You wouldn’t want to end up like the last mayor, am I right?!
You don’t. I wouldn’t recommend it.
But lets get on with it.
This is your calendar.
You know what a calendar is right?
Well if you don’t it shows you the day it is of course!
If you want to know how much time you have until the next month just look at this bar right here. Once the bar is full it’s time to move on!
However, if you ever get one of those days where you feel like time is just dragging on just use this fast forward to kick things up a notch.
If you even feel like you need time to think then you can also use this to have things come to a full stop.
Whenever you’re ready to come back just use this to continue where you left off.
You’re not the only one who will get moody around here you know.
If you’re gonna be the major you have to take care of us which means giving us things that will make us happy.
This stat right here tells you the happiness of all of the ducks in your land.
Sometimes how a duck feels will be obvious, so obvious that it will just show up above their heads.
But if you ever want to see what is specifically  bothering a duck just click on them for more information!
When you click on a duck you will be able to see their individual happiness and hunger levels.
How do you make us happy you ask?
Well that’s easy! You give us more stuff to do!
This right here shows you all the buildings that can be created to spruce up the place.
You like it? I can’t wait to see what it would look like in person.
Each build has a requirement that will benefit our “lovely” community. Each build costs a certain amount of crumbies so don’t get too trigger happy.
If you ever want to know the crumbs of the community that is my specialty.
Here is a journal, I will make sure to keep you updated on all the things going on. From boring political news to juicy gossip!
Hover over it and you have a choice of either the newspaper or my trusty notepad.
If you want the boring stuff just click the newspaper, it will tell you all of the developments that you and the community have done.
But if you want something more interesting just check out my notepad. I have ears everywhere.
That should be everything! I should be around if you ever need a refresher.
Good luck boss, and remember I’m watching you.